# SimonGame

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Game Description](#game-description)
- [How to Play](#how-to-play)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

Welcome to the Simon Game! This is a JavaScript implementation of the classic memory game, where you have to repeat a sequence of colors and sounds generated by the computer. This README will guide you through the game, its features, and how to set it up.

## Game Description

The Simon Game is a classic electronic memory game that tests your ability to remember and repeat sequences of colors and sounds. The game presents a sequence that starts with a single color/sound and progressively becomes longer and more challenging as you successfully complete each level.

## How to Play

1. **Start**: Press the "Start" button to begin the game.
2. **Remember**: Pay attention to the sequence of colors and sounds played by the computer.
3. **Repeat**: Click the colors in the same order as they were presented by the computer.
4. **Level Up**: If you successfully repeat the sequence, you will advance to the next level.
5. **Mistake**: If you make a mistake in the sequence, the game will indicate the correct sequence, and you'll have to start again from the first level.
6. **Win**: Continue playing and trying to beat your previous high score.

## Features

- A user-friendly interface.
- An animated and interactive game board.
- A challenging memory exercise.
- Sound feedback for each button press.
- A score indicator to track your progress.
- Colorful buttons to interact with.

## Installation

To run the Simon Game, you need a web browser with JavaScript enabled. There are no additional dependencies or installations required.

You can play the game by opening the `index.html` file in your browser.

```bash
$ open index.html
```

## Usage

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/natanelmordov/simon-game.git
$ cd simon-game
```

2. Open the `index.html` file in your preferred web browser.

3. Click the "Start" button to begin playing.

4. Follow the on-screen instructions to play the game and repeat the sequences.

5. Have fun and challenge yourself to achieve a high score!

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request. You can also open issues if you find any bugs or have suggestions for improvements.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details. You are free to use, modify, and distribute the code according to the terms of the MIT License.

Enjoy playing the Simon Game! If you have any questions or need assistance, please don't hesitate to reach out to the project maintainers.

Have fun and test your memory skills! 🎮🧠
